to the Middle East now and let's go to
Gaza where four schools have been hit by
Israeli air strikes over the past four
days killing scores of Palestinians many
children the latest happened in southern
Gaza where doctors at the al- nassa
hospital in hunis say at least 29 people
were killed and dozens more were wounded
in an Israeli air strike on a camp for
displaced people which hit tents outside
a school the Medics said many of the
Wounded were in a critical condition
videos online show more than a dozen
dead and seriously injured people
including children on the floor of a
hospital Israel says it's looking into
the reports the strike on hunis in the
South comes as the Israelis have
launched intensive attacks in Gaza City
in central Gaza on the ground and from
the air many Palestinians have been
killed in separate strikes on two un run
schools and one Church run School in the
nerat refugee camp meanwhile talks on
the Gaza conflict are due to resume in
Kata Washington says there's hope for a
deal on a truce and hostage release well
let's go live to Nick beak who's our
correspondent in Jerusalem Nick I
wondered if we could start with the
latest on what you're hearing about that
incident in hard
Unis yeah well eyewitnesses have been
talking to the BBC Nikki and they've
been describing this horrific scene
yesterday this was a site in the south
of the Gaza Strip near near the the city
of hanun and it was somewhere where a
lot of displaced Palestinian families
had been seeking shelter and safety
there was apparently food and water
there some of the children were able to
have lessons but this missile struck
yesterday uh without any warning and
eyewitnesses have described a graphic
horrific aftermath including women and
children having been killed some medical
officials are saying that at least 29
people were killed as for the Israeli
response to this they say they're
looking into claims that Ians were
killed the Israelis are saying though
that they yes they carried out this
attack but they were targeting an
individual who they said was a Hamas
operative who they say was involved in
the October the 7th attacks and that was
the justification for striking there as
you were saying this is the fourth
attack on a school that was being used
to shelter people in the past four days
and in the first three cases the Israeli
authorities said that they were
targeting Hamas politicians or Hamas
police officers or Hamas fighters in
these locations so that's why they were
they were aiming for them the Israeli
attacks also happening around Gaza
City yeah that's right and we've seen
quite an an increase in activity around
that place of course thousands of people
Palestinians having to move because of
the fighting ranging raging there Hamas
said that they've been engaging with
Israeli Fighters uh Israeli troops
claiming to have killed some of them at
the same time the Hamas leadership is
saying that the ongoing Israeli
operations are putting in danger and
threatening the peace talks that you
mentioned that are once again taking
place in Qatar today and there is some
optimism that sort of built up over the
past 10 days or so that the two sides
may be reaching an agreement but
obviously what happened yesterday
doesn't help at all and you've got the
Prime Minister here Benjamin Netanyahu
found to keep up the fighting to destroy
Hamas even though opposition figures and
also we're seeing some senior members of
the military here apparently believing
that the idea of completely destroying
Hamas just isn't possible to
do and Nick on these um ceasefire talks
you talk about optimism some of this
seems to be around that demand that uh
Reports say Hamas have dropped about uh
there being the permanent ceasefire
yeah this is absolutely the Crux of it
so what they're looking at at the moment
what they're discussing is a proposal
that was put forward by President Biden
back in May and it would involve
initially a six- week truce a pausing
the fighting during which time more
hostages taken by Hamas on October the
7th could be released and returned to
their families it seems in the past week
that Hamas has dropped this key demand
and they were saying that if there is
going to be this process right at the
the start the Israelis have to say this
will be an absolute complete ceasefire
and that the troops will go the tanks
will go and there won't be a resumption
of Israeli operations now if that is the
case if Hamas has uh said that's
something they'll
accept then potentially that does mean
that they are moving in the same
direction but as we've been hearing
publicly the proclamations from both
sides suggest there is Big tensions I
think interesting to listen to the White
House they've been saying that despite
all that's being banded about behind
closed doors and remember this is a a
private negotiation the two sides are
moving closer together they're not
hugely optimistic though the White House
they're not talking about any sort of
imminent breakthrough and if there is to
be one there certainly aren't any signs
of that coming at the moment Nikki Nick
big thank you very much latest there
from Jerusalem